Update deno.mdx (#6535)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/deno.mdx

## Project Configuration

> Your Astro project can be deployed to [Deno Deploy](https://deno.com/deploy) as a server-side rendered site (SSR). It's also possible to deploy static sites to [Deno deploy](https://docs.deno.com/deploy/tutorials/static-site). Use these [instructions to deploy a static Astro site to Deno deploy](#Deploy%20Astro%20static%20site%20with%20CLI%20deployment). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides instructions to deploy your Astro project to [Deno Deploy](https://deno.com/deploy) as a server-side rendered site (SSR).

To deploy a static site, see [the Deno deploy static site tutorial](https://docs.deno.com/deploy/tutorials/static-site).
```

<ReadMore>Read more about [SSR in Astro](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/).</ReadMore>

#### Deploy Astro static site with CLI deployment
1. build the project so that the contents of the `dist` folder are up to date.
2. In the terminal cd to the `./dist` folder and run the deploy command with the following parameters

```sh

> deployctl deploy --project=<MY-DENO-PROJECT> --entrypoint=https://deno.land/std@0.211.0/http/file_server.ts

Reviewer 2: Do this file server behave as an Astro project would expect? The key behaviors that normally need to be configured on static deployments without an adapter to do the work are:
- Folder indexes are handled the same way as Astro, so it matches what Astro generates (remember that this is configurable in Astro)
- Trailing slashes match Astro's configuration
- 404 and 500 pages are handled correctly

Taking as an example NGINX. You clearly can host any static site with it, but if you try to host an Astro site with the default configuration it will misbehave. There is [a section on the docs](https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/docker/#nginx) with a configuration that allows serving an Astro static output correctly. Would an example like that be needed here or does it work out of the box?

Author: Thanks for the review @Fryuni 
Sorry for the late reply. It's been a hectic couple of days. 

I tested the 404 scenario you mentioned and it's indeed an issue. When deployed `404.astro` or `404.md` is not recognised. 

What's the best approach? Shall I close the PR until I have a something more complete that addresses the issue?

Reviewer 2: If you know of a way to configure that file server to serve the 404 correctly, you can include it as the required configuration for that option.

If you don't know of a way, or if you know that there isn't one, then I believe it is better not to make this change.

> #### Deploy Astro static site with CLI deployment
> 1. build the project so that the contents of the `dist` folder are up to date.
> 2. In the terminal cd to the `./dist` folder and run the deploy command with the following parameters
> 
> ```sh
> deployctl deploy --project=<MY-DENO-PROJECT> --entrypoint=https://deno.land/std@0.211.0/http/file_server.ts
> ```
> 
> All the contents from the `./dist` folder are uploaded to the project and served by `file_server.ts`. 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
My suggestion is, if we're not entirely sure about this part, then we just remove the instructions and add them back at a later time when we are! 

We can add the earlier change with the link, though!
